docs: Add value mappings docs for panel plugins (#2753)
grafana/plugin-tools: docusaurus/docs/how-to-guides/panel-plugins/add-value-mappings-support.md

Value mappings are a standard field configuration option in Grafana. When you enable them for your panel plugin, Grafana handles all of the configuration UI and value processing automatically. Your panel only needs to read the already-mapped display values from each field.

For more information on how value mappings work for end users, refer to [Configure value mappings](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/panels-visualizations/configure-value-mappings/).

## Enable value mappings

Value mappings are part of the standard field configuration system. To enable them, call `.useFieldConfig()` on your `PanelPlugin` in `module.ts`:

```ts title="src/module.ts"
import { PanelPlugin } from '@grafana/data';
import { MyPanel } from './components/MyPanel';
import { type Options } from './types';

export const plugin = new PanelPlugin<Options>(MyPanel).useFieldConfig();
```

Calling `useFieldConfig()` without arguments enables all standard field configuration options, including value mappings, thresholds, units, min/max, and color.

> :::note

Reviewer: I wouldn't do a note here - instead, have a L3 heading

### Enable a specific standard option

Author: Good catch, fixed in https://github.com/grafana/plugin-tools/pull/2753/commits/d291074480849fa6acf88cbc9f4850deebefb751 👍

For more background on reading display values from data frames, refer to [Display values from a data frame](./read-data-from-a-data-source.md#display-values-from-a-data-frame).

```tsx title="src/components/MyPanel.tsx"
import React from 'react';
import { FieldType, formattedValueToString, type PanelProps } from '@grafana/data';
import { type Options } from '../types';

interface Props extends PanelProps<Options> {}

export function MyPanel({ data, width, height }: Props) {
  const frame = data.series[0];
  if (!frame) {
    return <div>No data</div>;
  }

  const valueField = frame.fields.find((field) => field.type === FieldType.number);

  return (
    <div style={{ width, height }}>
      {valueField?.values.map((value, index) => {
        const displayValue = valueField.display!(value);

        return (
          <span key={index} style={{ color: displayValue.color }}>
            {formattedValueToString(displayValue)}
          </span>
        );
      })}
    </div>
  );
}
```

> When a user configures a value mapping (for example, mapping `0` to "Offline"), the `display` function returns the mapped text instead of the raw number. If no mapping matches, the raw value is formatted using the field's unit and decimal settings as usual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you configure a value mapping (for example, mapping `0` to "Offline"), the `display` function returns the mapped text instead of the raw number. If no mapping matches, the raw value is formatted using the field's unit and decimal settings as usual.
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/grafana/plugin-tools/pull/2753/commits/d291074480849fa6acf88cbc9f4850deebefb751 👍

### Use `getFieldDisplayValues` for reduced values

If your panel displays reduced values (such as the last value, mean, or sum), use `getFieldDisplayValues`. This function processes value mappings the same way and returns the results as `FieldDisplay` objects:

```tsx
const fieldDisplayValues = getFieldDisplayValues({
  fieldConfig,
  reduceOptions: options.reduceOptions,
  data: data.series,
  theme,
  replaceVariables,
  timeZone,
});

fieldDisplayValues.map((fieldDisplay) => {
  const text = formattedValueToString(fieldDisplay.display);
  const color = fieldDisplay.display.color;
  // ...
});
```

## Behind the scenes

> 1. **Configuration**: The user adds value mappings in the panel editor under the "Value mappings" section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Configuration**: You're adding value mappings in the panel editor under the "Value mappings" section.
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/grafana/plugin-tools/pull/2753/commits/d291074480849fa6acf88cbc9f4850deebefb751 👍
